887 standardise variants (#995)
Dyalog/documentation: language-reference-guide/docs/system-functions/ncopy.md

backups/default.dlf  
```

Each source name must specify a single file or directory which must exist. The destination name must be an existing directory. Copies of each of the files and/or directories specified by the source base names are made in the destination directory.
```apl
       ⊃1 ⎕NPARTS ''
i:/Documents/Dyalog APL-64 17.0 Unicode Files/

      ⊢ ⎕MKDIR 'backups' ⍝ Make a backups directory
1
⍝ Copy 2 files to backups directory
      ⊢'backups'⎕NCOPY'default.dlf' 'def_uk.dse'
1 1
      ↑⊃0 (⎕NINFO⍠1) 'backups\*'
backups/default.dlf
backups/def_uk.dse 
```

## Variant Options

`⎕NCOPY` supports four variant options, summarised in [](#variantoptionsforncopy) and described in detail beneath it. The principal option is `Wildcard`.

Table: Variant options for `⎕NCOPY` { #variantoptionsforncopy }

|Variant Option|Valid Values|Default|Effect|
|---|---|---|---|
|[`Wildcard`](#variant-option-wildcard)<br><small>principal</small>|`0` or `1`|`0`|Whether the names in `Y` are matched literally or as patterns.|

> |[`IfExists`](#variant-option-ifexists)|`'Error'`, `'Skip'`, `'Replace'` or `'ReplaceIfNewer'`|`'Error'`|What happens when a target file already exists.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[`IfExists`](#variant-option-ifexists)|`'Error'`, `'Skip'`, `'Replace'`, or `'ReplaceIfNewer'`|`'Error'`|What happens when a target file already exists.|
```

|[`PreserveAttributes`](#variant-option-preserveattributes)|`0` or `1`|`0`|Whether file attributes are preserved.|
|[`ProgressCallback`](#variant-option-progresscallback)|the name of a callback function|none|Reports progress during the copy.|

### Variant Option: `Wildcard`

|---|---|
|`0` <small>(default)</small>|The name or names in `Y` identifies a specific file name.|
|`1`|The name or names in `Y` that specify the *base name* and *extension* (see [NParts](./nparts.md) ), can also contain the wildcard characters "?" and "*". An asterisk is a substitute for any 0 or more characters in a file name or extension; a question-mark is a substitute for any single character.|

> Note that when `Wildcard` is `1`, element(s) of `R` can be `0`, `1` or `>1`. If `Wildcard` is `0`, elements of `R` are always `1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `Wildcard` is `1`, element(s) of `R` can be `0`, `1`, or `>1`. If `Wildcard` is `0`, elements of `R` are always `1`.
```

<h4 class="example">Examples</h4>

> The source name can include wildcard characters which matches a number of existing files and/or directories. The destination name must be an existing directory. The files and/or directories that match the pattern specified by the source name are copied into the destination directory. If there are no matches, zero copies are made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source name can include wildcard characters that match a number of existing files and/or directories. The destination name must be an existing directory. The files and/or directories that match the pattern specified by the source name are copied into the destination directory. If there are no matches, zero copies are made.
```

|Value|Description|
|---|---|
|`'Error'` <small>(default)</small>|Existing files will not be overwritten and an error will be signalled.|
|`'Skip'`          |Existing files will not be overwritten but the corresponding copy operation will be skipped (ignored).                                                            |
|`'Replace'`       |Existing files will be overwritten.                                                                                                                               |
|`'ReplaceIfNewer'`|Existing files can be overwritten if, and only if, the corresponding source file is newer (more recently modified) than the existing one, otherwise it is skipped.|

The following cases cause an error to be signalled regardless of the value of the `IfExists` variant.

- If the source specifies a directory and the destination specifies an existing file.
- If the source specifies a file and the same base name exists as a sub-directory in the destination.

### Variant Option: `PreserveAttributes`

> The `PreserveAttributes` variant option (a Boolean) determines whether or not file attributes are preserved. It does not apply to directories, only to files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PreserveAttributes` variant option (a Boolean) determines whether file attributes are preserved. It does not apply to directories, only to files.
```

|---|---|
|`0` <small>(default)</small>|file attributes are not preserved.                                                                                                                                                         |
|`1`|where possible, copied files will be given at least the same modification time as the source. Other file attributes will be preserved as permitted by the operating system and file system.|

> Note also that when files are copied across file systems, the different file systems might have different timestamp granularity and the timestamps might not be exactly the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When files are copied across file systems, the different file systems might have different timestamp granularity therefore the timestamps might not be exactly the same.
```

### Variant Option: `ProgressCallback`

> The `ProgressCallback` variant option is described in the [Dyalog Programming Reference Guide](../../../programming-reference-guide/native-files#progress-callbacks). The following is specific to `⎕NCOPY`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ProgressCallback` variant option is described in the [_Dyalog Programming Reference Guide_](../../../programming-reference-guide/native-files#progress-callbacks). The following is specific to `⎕NCOPY`:
```
